Here we use the OCR function to copy the text from an image.
we used python modules and packages.
> First, we begin with the most common text recognition technique, and this is the OCR–Optical Character Recognition.
OCR yields outstanding results only in very specific use cases, but in general, it is still considered as challenging.
Optical Character Recognition is a technology that enables you to convert different types of documents, such as scanned paper documents, PDF files, or images captured by a digital camera into editable and searchable data.
The most advanced OCR systems are focused on replicating natural human recognition. The OCR systems are based on three main rules–integrity, purposefulness, and adaptability.
First, the observed object has always to be considered as one entity comprising many interrelated parts. 
In our case, the diploma is such an entity. Second, any interpretation of data must always serve some purpose. 
And finally, the OCR program has to be capable of self-learning.
The OCR software is by no means one, a uniform application that serves one and the same purpose. The OCR applications are used to serve lots of different intents. 
We can start with “reading” the printed page from a book or a random image with text (for instance, graffiti or advertisement), but we go on to reading street signs, car license plates, and even captchas. 
OCR software takes into consideration the following factors and attributes
Text density. On a printed page, the text is dense. However, given an image of a street with a single street sign, the text is sparse. The OCR software has to recognize both.
Text structure. Text on a page is usually structured, mostly in strict rows, while text in the wild may be scattered everywhere, in different rotations, shapes, fonts, and sizes.
Font. While computer fonts are quite easy to recognize, handwriting font is much more inconsistent and, therefore, harder to read.
Artifacts. There are almost none of them on a perfectly scanned page, but what about outdoor pictures? In short, this is a completely different story, and you have to keep that in mind when using OCR.
